Fix: Git function creation fails due to missing GitRepository CR (#644)
kyma-project/cli: docs/gen-docs/kyma_apply_function.md

## Options

```bash
      --dry-run            Validated list of objects to be created from sources.
  -f, --filename string    Full path to the config file.
      --onerror value      Flag used to define the Kyma CLI's reaction to an error when applying resources to the cluster. Use one of these options: 
                           - nothing
                           - purge (default nothing)
  -o, --output value       Flag used to define the command output format. Use one of these options:
                           - text
                           - json
                           - yaml
                           - none (default text)
  -t, --timeout duration   Maximum time during which the local resources are being applied, where "0" means "infinite". Valid time units are "ns", "us" (or "µs"), "ms", "s", "m", "h".

>   -w, --watch              Watches resources applied to the cluster to be sure that everything is applying in the correct order.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  -w, --watch              Flag used to watch resources applied to the cluster to make sure that everything is applied in the correct order.
```
